c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\DeviceExplorerWeb.dll.config
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\DeviceExplorerWeb.dll
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\DeviceExplorerWeb.pdb
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\obj\Debug\DeviceExplorerWeb.dll
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\obj\Debug\DeviceExplorerWeb.pdb
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.Azure.Amqp.dll
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.Azure.Devices.dll
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.Azure.Amqp.xml
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.Azure.Devices.xml
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\obj\Debug\DeviceExplorerWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.ServiceBus.dll
c:\users\jaerrett.northamerica\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.ServiceBus.xml
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\obj\Debug\DeviceExplorerWeb.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\obj\Debug\DeviceExplorerWeb.pdb
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\DeviceExplorerWeb.dll.config
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\DeviceExplorerWeb.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\DeviceExplorerWeb.pdb
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\DotNetty.Buffers.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\DotNetty.Codecs.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\DotNetty.Codecs.Mqtt.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\DotNetty.Common.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\DotNetty.Handlers.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\DotNetty.Transport.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.Azure.Amqp.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.Azure.Devices.Client.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.Azure.Devices.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.TransientFaultHandling.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.ServiceBus.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Mono.Security.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\PCLCrypto.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\System.Spatial.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Validation.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.Azure.Amqp.xml
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.Azure.Devices.xml
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.xml
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.TransientFaultHandling.xml
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.ServiceBus.xml
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\PCLCrypto.xml
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\System.Spatial.xml
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Validation.xml
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\DEV\Projects\DeviceExplorerWeb\DeviceExplorerWeb\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
